If you're following along with my project set up everything should be working fine.
However there's no issue with a font awesome because the recordings were done with an old font awesome
and now there is a new font or some more here version.
All right.
I'm talking about the icons right now.
Right.
So what's happening is that if you go here right to the font awesome website you don't have any more
the layout that you saw before right.
You actually have a version 5.0 6 and the old one actually is over here four point zero so right.
So what's happening is that if you want to fall on the course exactly like the way I was working with
the font are sometimes what you would need to do all here is once you are in the phone Tarsem go here
to the old documentation.
Right.
And then the set up was exactly the same how I showed in a video right in the set up video.
However you also have an option of working with a new font.
Awesome right.
And now I'm going to show you how to download a new font awesome version 5.0 6 right.
And what would be the differences.
So here again we do the same thing.
We just do the download here and with me right to show you is when we have a getting started.
Right.
And the difference is that we are not using anymore a C Ss right.
And again here again they're offering a phantasm free CDN.
And as you said we're not using we we're going to be doning And right now and like I said indifferences
they don't want to use the C Ss actually want you to use or hear the genius right.
So let's go step by step how we would do this.
So we're going to go back over here now and my downloads right.
I have my font.
Awesome.
Right so I can just open all the zip code and once it's open all right what I would need to look for
is a squeegee with us then a folder and not the brand Menges.
That's not what I want and when I would need is with me because this guy or here now.
All right.
What I would need is this font.
Awesome.
All Yes.
So what I'm going to do here.
You can see that I have my font or some folder so on them and drag this file over here and actually
place it in the folder if I'm going to be able to do it right over here I can close my downloads and
or here we have index numbers going to create a simple indexation index page them or here we're going
to place a skeleton.
All right.
A basic skeleton or likeness and because what we would want is just to see how it works.
Right.
So now when we have the age old let's check it out how we can actually add this awesome jazz.
And what I'm getting this phantasm jazz right so you see or hear right.
Like I was telling you this is what they want right.
That's the file.
They don't want any more.
They found some Mincy SS which was with an older version.
Right.
So here you can see that we have GRABBE right.
We got that then we need to reference it in a head.
So basically they're saying or here find the fantastic amount yes.
So what are we going to do here.
We're going to write a script in the head press tab and for the source we're selling this right for
us.
Margie is here and maybe we can do English here right now.
How do we create a phantasm like ours.
So let's put them side by side here and let's go here and you see or hear how to use.
Right.
And the difference with an old one.
You can see or hear did they have a little bit of difference in tax right.
You see the style prefixes instead of f a.
And all here whatever the font awesome I can write you have f a yes F R F L and F A B.
Right.
So again if you want to create more here you are icons exactly like in a project you need to go with
an old one that you would need to go in and all documentation.
However the differences are not that big.
Right.
So let's say in a project I'm going to be using a font or some like.
So I'm going to say or here I f a.
And I would be using F-8 home.
Now we're here with a new one.
You can see that syntax is actually going to be f a s.
So what we're going to do here we're going to add one more class.
Right so instead of FAA a home right we're going to have F S and FAA.
All right.
So that's pretty much going to be the difference.
Now there's going to be cases we're all going to be using with a new one also.
And then let's say FHB.
Right.
But the point is that the names are going to stay the same.
So it's really up to you how do you want.
Right.
Whether you want to download the new one and just double check the icon name right here because if you
go to icons write whatever icons are modding you can go ahead or double check them.
Right now the new syntax will be or you can download the old one right and follow the course.
Exactly how I'm typing the font.
Awesome.
Again this is really not a big deal.
However it's something that I need to mention to you before you know is that something is not working
right that you can download the icons that you can use the icons which you need to remember.
And there's two versions right now of font awesome icons and the recordings were done with an old one
which again you can find it on here but you can see how easy it is to actually use the new one.